team backpack over here.
>> Exactly.
>> Crypto talks and blockchain walks number
five on the day.
>> Oh, okay. Number five
>> with a man who's been in hot demand.
I've been trying to get this interview
since last Thursday. So, we're we're a
week in to not necessarily getting it.
>> Shout out to your persistence.
>> Persistency is key.
>> Yeah.
>> David, who are you? What do you do?
>> Uh my name is David Hernandez, aka Zen
Shorts online and all my decentralized
socials and whatnot. Um, I'm a creative
producer, culture, cultural curator,
analog photographer, and you know, just
and your homie.
>> Yes, we met in Buenosides.
>> We did. We did.
>> Um, we kind of bonded over the fact that
I'm trying to learn Spanish. I don't
remember what event we met at though.
Was it the poker?
>> No, I think we met um just on the show
floor. You were at um
>> Oh, at the Nouns booth.
>> Yeah. Yeah, the not at the nouns booth.
We were just like with your uh your lady
and taking dead ass.
>> My homie was at the booth as well who
lives in Mexico City
>> who was and um I came to go see his
booth and he walked me over and then you
were there and we started talking about
how we got like not a fishing scam but
essentially got like malwared and like
uh um socially engineered. No.
>> Was this at Pistachio at the pistachio
booth?
>> I think it was at the pistachio booth.
>> Shout out to Bmokes and Pistachio.
>> Shout out B Smokes.
>> Well, you're just one of those folks
that like after I met I was like well
this is a guy I got to keep in contact
with. I appreciate that.
>> Wherever we go and wherever we are. Um,
you're not based in Denver, though.
>> I am not based in Denver. I have a lot
of love for Colorado. Um, I am based in
between New York City and Puerto Rico.
I'm born and raised in Harlem and, uh,
now between Harlem and Lukio, Puerto
Rico.
>> Nice. Where would you say you spend most
of your time? Oh, wait, wait, wait. I
don't need to do the docs where you
spend most of your time. Where do you
find like the strongest Bitcoin,
blockchain, crypto, art communities, and
the convergence? Where is it the
strongest?
>> Well, I would say Puerto Rico and New
York both have their uh different
flavors of strong crypto communities.
New York, there's a lot more uh company
focus. There's a lot more artists, a lot
more people trying to iterate and and
kind of mess around with the tech. You
also have big companies have their
offices there like Coinbase, Salana,
Phantom Wall, all these different
places. Puerto Rico on the other hand,
um I think that's where a lot of like
crypto folk go to after, you know,
they've already, you know, hit the Wagy
moment, the wind Lambo moment. They've
they they I'm on the east side of the
island, but a lot of the crypto folk are
all the way on the west side of the
island in Ringon, Cabo Rojo, um Dorado,
even San Juan as well. And so, um
different energies. I think it's more
commu there's a lot more community
around it, at least in my my spaces in
New York. But I feel like if I was on
the further west side of the Puerto
Rican island, I'd probably be in that
mix of the crypto energy there.
>> Are you like collaborating with like
Buriqua crypto users or just kind of
like living your life when you're in the
PR?
>> Just living my life. I'm, you know, I'm
taking care of stray cats, going to the
beach, like really just as analog as
possible.
>> Sometimes I feel like you got to unplug
to survive in this industry though.
>> Yeah,
>> it's rough. It can beat you down,
especially if you're plugged in 24/7.
>> 100%. And I think a lot of my work too
like with the creative production and
the experiences I produce is I you know
I'm a DGEN recovering DJ who's now regen
and um I really do believe in the tech
and I you know use AI all the different
things. Big big supporter of it all but
I also um lead first human first right
like it at the end of the day we could
have met online and it would never have
clicked the way it clicked in
Buenocitis. And those are the kind of
things that I think we need to double
down in as an industry. And that's the
kind of magic I'm trying to bring
because, you know, the tech is going to
continue scaling. Everything's going to
get better tech-wise, but if we lose
that humanity, it's not going to scale.
>> Do you think it's possible to create
these relationships online or there's
just something that will never be
replicated with in person?
>> I definitely have online friends. Like
I'm not saying like that isn't possible,
but I think there's just a different
added layer to it. Like I remember, you
know, through my last like years in
crypto meeting online friends like even
let's, you know, shout out B Smokes
again, but we actually got connected and
and stayed friends on Twitter for a
super long time. Sweet.
>> And then recently at base camp back in
September, I was on a golf course just
smoking weed and he smiled. He's like,
"Hey, like, hey, sorry." Like, you know,
as I'm in the darkness, hey, do you mind
if I like hit that? And then like he
looks at me, he's like, "Wait, Zed
shorts." And I'm like, "Oh shit." And
like we had a whole moment that like you
know I would have still gave him the
joint whether I knew him or not but it
was one of those things that like we
were online friends connected and stayed
in contact over you know 5 years from
the NFT wave to then see him at base
camp it was just you know I felt like I
saw like a longtime friend even though
it's always been digital.
>> Yeah I love it. So we got to see each
other at both ETH Boulder last weekend
this week. What are you doing here on
the ground for both of these events? So
ETH Boulder um we I was part of onchain
creators and with onchain creators we
were able to do a content challenge
where we brought in the community to
show the conference from their from the
way they see it their eyes and
themselves doing good and having fun
which is a tenant that we've been trying
to uh push forward and um we gave out
$50 to uh the top 10 submissions.
>> I won some.
>> Yeah, you won some. came came through
with some really great interviews and uh
hope you know hope to see this content
submitted as well to the creator
challenge and uh beyond ETH Boulder here
at ETH Denver I'm running another
creator challenge and just trying to
empower people to create not just on
chain but just capture this moment that
is ETH Denver shared with their own
vision and incentivize and compensate
these people and then separate from
onchain creators I'm throwing my fourth
annual vibe check
>> on Friday
>> on Friday yes It's going to be a uh
starts at 8 to 8:00 p.m. We're going to
have from 8 to 10 a AI film festival.
You know, really just breathing life
into not just throwing a dope rave, but
giving these different uh venues and
different uh platforms space at these
events cuz now everyone's trying to rent
a whole venue for a couple of hours. And
in our dead time, we're able to, you
know, empower other communities. That's
actually how Humpty and I met from
onchain creators.
>> That's awesome.
>> And uh and then from 10 to 4 in the
morning, we're going to do a Denver
style rave. speakers are going to be
insane. The music's going to be insane.
The food, free food, free alcohol, you
know, true OG Wagy vibes. Like, if you
show up, you're going to have a great
time. You're going to meet someone dope.
And it's not going to be what do you do
for work or that pitch, but really just
like who that person is, do I want to
vibe with him or not? And that's or them
or not. And um and that's what is going
to build the future.
>> Awesome. So, how do you carry forward
these connections that you make in
person? How do we keep these vibes going
with onchain creators after an event? I
can't always go to every single event,
but I always want to be able to
contribute to onchain creators. So, like
what does that look like for keeping the
IRL vibes on the screen?
>> So, right now, like for me, I think my
my biggest hurdle and my biggest like
challenge that I deal with like
regardless of where I am in the world is
like CRM and you know, just staying on
top of all these connections. I'm I'm
definitely an extrovert. I'm one of
those people who has a lot of different
friends in a lot of different worlds and
walks of life. And so I I'm constantly
iterating on how to keep these
communities engaged. And I'm a big
believer you can't just show up once.
You have to keep pouring in. You have to
keep watering that seed. And it's not
even about the fruit it bears. It's
really about the fact that it's growing.
And I think people need to have that
mentality when they're building
community. It's not just I spent a bunch
of money at an event or I did this dope
activation. It's how you're continuing
to essentially drip um on these people
and not just like for monetary value,
but really just like emotional value,
camaraderie, community, all things that
I think push the business, push the
industry, but the human aspect is really
what I double down on.
>> Awesome. What's the best way that people
can get in contact with what you're
working on? Well, we'll add your your
hashtag here and we'll add your uh
Twitter account, but it's like a website
we can send people to.
>> Um I mean, if you're interested in my
artwork, my Instagram has a lot of my
portraits. Dave HV. If you're interested
in more my, you know, web 3 world, Zen
Shorts is where you can find me on all
platforms.
>> Awesome, man. Appreciate your time.
>> Yeah. Thank you so much, man.
>> Cheers.